h1. Proman 2014

h2. About this project

_Proman_ is a web application designed to help with the management of undergraduate dissertation projects.
It is designed to help with the gathering of project descriptions from academic staff, student selection of projects
from the annually published list, allocation of projects to students, and the ongoing management of undergraduate
dissertation projects through the academic year. It was created by Nicolay Parashkevanov, a student of Mobile
Communications and Internet Technology at Swansea University. _Proman_ is a Ruby on Rails application and was
launched as a "beta" web application in late May 2009. Proman 2014 is the fourth generation of this application,
rebuilt from the ground up to exploit the latest innovations in modern Rails application development and to correct
some of the major deficiencies of the first deployed version "Proman 2":https://github.com/cpjobling/Proman2.

The source code for the Proman project is licensed by an Apache 2 licence and hosted on
"githib.com":http://github.com/cpjobling/proman_2014. There is a Google Groups discussion group:
"swansea-proman-discuss@googlegroups.com":http://groups.google.com/group/swansea-proman-discuss
and a "project blog":http://promanman.blogspot.com/.

The starting point for this application was generated with the "rails_apps_composer":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer gem provided by the "RailsApps Project":http://railsapps.github.io/.

h2. Diagnostics

This application was built with recipes that are known to work together.

This application was built with preferences that are NOT known to work together.

If the application doesn't work as expected, please "report an issue":https://github.com/RailsApps/rails_apps_composer/issues and include these diagnostics:

We'd also like to know if you've found combinations of recipes or preferences that do work together.

Recipes:
["controllers", "core", "email", "extras", "frontend", "gems", "git", "init", "models", "prelaunch", "railsapps", "readme", "routes", "saas", "setup", "testing", "views"]

Preferences:
{:git=>true, :railsapps=>"none", :dev_webserver=>"thin", :prod_webserver=>"thin", :database=>"mongodb", :orm=>"mongoid", :templates=>"haml", :unit_test=>"rspec", :integration=>"cucumber", :continuous_testing=>"guard", :fixtures=>"factory_girl", :frontend=>"bootstrap", :bootstrap=>"less", :email=>"mandrill", :authentication=>"devise", :devise_modules=>"default", :authorization=>"cancan", :form_builder=>"simple_form", :starter_app=>"admin_app", :quiet_assets=>true, :local_env_file=>true, :better_errors=>true, :ban_spiders=>true, :github=>true}

h2. Ruby on Rails

This application requires:

* Ruby version 2.0.0
* Rails version 3.2.13

Learn more about "Installing Rails":http://railsapps.github.io/installing-rails.html.

h2. Database

This application uses MongoDB with the Mongoid ORM.

h2. Development

* Template Engine: Haml
* Testing Framework: RSpec and Factory Girl and Cucumber
* Front-end Framework: Twitter Bootstrap (Less)
* Form Builder: SimpleForm
* Authentication: Devise
* Authorization: CanCan

h2. Email

The application is configured to send email using a Mandrill account.

h2. Getting Started

To download a copy of the latest (HEAD) version go to
"github.com/cpjobling/proman_2014":https://github.com/cpjobling/proman_2014 and follow the instructions.

More detailed documentation will follow.

h2. Documentation and Support

This is the only documentation at the moment.

h4. Issues

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Similar Projects

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit.

h2. Project Dependencies

See the "Gemfile":https://github.com/cpjobling/proman_2014/blob/master/Gemfile.

h2. Contributing

If you make improvements to this application, please share with others.

* Fork the project on GitHub.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Commit with Git.
* Send the author a pull request.

If you add functionality to this application, create an alternative implementation, or build an application that is similar, please contact me and I'll add a note to the README so that others can find your work.

h2. Credits

* The original version of Proman was written as part of an undergraduate dissertation project by Nicolay Parashkevanov (382392@swansea.ac.uk) between October 2008 and May 2009.

* Some further development was done by Yapeng 'Tony' Gao (465858@swansea.ac.uk) in 2009-2010.

h2. License

Copyright 2009-2013 Swansea University

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

"http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0":http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.
